{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl315\sb100\sa100\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs21 \cf0 Inform Final Project\
By Cole Hulick\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl315\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf0 How well does the game accomplish what you set out to do?\
	I think my game well accomplishes what I set out to accomplish.\
Discuss a time when you got stuck, and how you got unstuck.\
	With the beginning of my game the first puzzle I first started to work on was you needed to say a special word and once you say it in the correct room a bridge is built in front of you and you can now go further into the game. I got unstuck by talking to classmates who had the same problem and also used the inform handbook to get unstuck.\
Describe each of three puzzles in your game and how to solve each puzzle (can be pasted in from your Checkpoints.)\
Puzzle #1\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	The puzzle is an Information puzzle; you solve it by finding a spell book in the forest. The spell book contains a spell that can build a bridge. While you head to the tower you encounter a large drop off that doesn\'92t let you get to the entrance of the tower. You need to find the spell and then the spell will build a bridge that you will be able to cross and make it to the tower. You need to type the name of the spell out and then the bridge will be built.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl315\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs21 \cf0 Puzzle #2\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	For my second puzzle I created an Obvious use of an object. You enter the tower and the cellar door is locked. To unlock the door, you need to find a key, the player needs to find the key by examining the wall and then noticing a brick is out of place. Once they take the brick the key is found behind it.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl315\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs21 \cf0 Puzzle #3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	My puzzle is a building puzzle. You solve this puzzle by first killing the defender of the forest once you defeat him you get his heart further into the game you need to search dead corpses and you will find a stone. After that you combine the two and you get Saga and then combine saga with the staff you got from Zyliath. You need to combine saga with Zyliath or else you cannot defeat the dragon who is the final boss.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li15\ri0\sl315\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs21 \cf0 Discuss the gameplay mechanics in your game and how they improve the user's experience.\
	The game mechanics that I used helped the player become more involved into the game and helped them feel as if they were there. \
Discuss the beta testing process: Who tested your game?\'a0\
	The beta process was really helpful and I am glad I was able to get feedback on my game and what I needed to fix. Keale was the one that tested my game and he was really helpful on letting me know what needed to be fixed. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl315\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf0 How did their feedback affect your game?\'a0\
	The feedback that I received was really helpful, it helped me see that some of my puzzles were really hard to complete and also had some things that were not described.\
Whose game did you beta test?\'a0\
	In class when we did beta testing keale had a conflict so he had to leave early so I was not able to test his game. After class I played Tessa's game and gave her comments on her game. \
What feedback were you able to give?\
 	I was able to fix some grammar errors and also told her that some puzzles where a bit too difficult.\
What are you most proud of?\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\ri0\sl315\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I am most proud of the idea of my game and what needs to be done to complete my game. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl315\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf0 What would you do differently next time?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	Next time I would have organized my work sooner than later. When I was working on my game I ended up doing two different things at the same time, because of this it became hard to know what I had to do with my game. \
\
\
}